README.md, before:

# Sovduino
**〜 The People's Microcontroller 〜**

[English](#-english) | [日本語](#-japanese)

---

## ☭ English

### Overview
Comrades, welcome.
This repository is a revolutionary project to liberate the capitalist product known as "Arduino" and infuse it with the soul of the great Soviet Union.
By using **OUR** code, a mere piezoelectric speaker will loudly sing the glorious fanfare honoring the Motherland (The State Anthem of the USSR).

**This is not "MY" code. It is "OUR" code.**

### Usage
1. **Clone** this repository. (Read `git clone` as "Requisition")
2. Open `Soviet_Anthem.ino` in the Arduino IDE.
3. **Declare** the pin number of the piezoelectric speaker connected to the Comrade's Arduino microcontroller in the `buzzer` variable at the top!
4. **Upload** to the microcontroller.
5. **Listen** while standing at attention.

### Contributing
Contribution to this project is urged by the Party.
If you discover any **bugs (Western spies)** or develop a more efficient frequency conversion algorithm, send a **Pull Request** immediately.

### License
**MIT License** (Not "Marxist International Technology" License, but effectively common property)

This software allows anyone to use, modify, and distribute it for free. Knowledge must not be monopolized.

---

## ☭ Japanese

### 概要
同志よ、ようこそ。
このリポジトリは、資本主義の産物である「Arduino」を解放し、偉大なるソビエト連邦の魂を吹き込むための革命的プロジェクトである。
我々のコードを使用することで、単なる圧電スピーカーが、祖国を称える栄光のファンファーレ（ソビエト連邦国歌）を高らかに歌い上げるだろう。

**これは「私の」コードではない。「我々の」コードだ。**

### 使用方法 (Usage)
1. このリポジトリをクローンせよ。（`git clone` は「徴収」と読み替えること）
2. `Soviet_Anthem.ino` を Arduino IDE で開く。
3. 一番上の `buzzer` 変数に、同志のArduinoマイコン上に繋がれたる圧電スピーカーのピン番号を共有せよ！
4. マイコンに書き込む（Upload）。
5. 直立不動で聴く。

### 貢献 (Contributing)
このプロジェクトへの貢献は、党によって推奨されている。
バグ（西側のスパイ）を発見した場合、またはより効率的な周波数変換アルゴリズムを開発した場合は、直ちに **Pull Request** を送られたし。

### ライセンス (License)
**MIT License** (Marxist International Technology License ではないが、実質的に共有財産である)

このソフトウェアは、誰でも無償で使用、改変、配布することができる。知識を独占してはならない。

---
*For the Motherland!* ☭

Commit message:

Add virtual training section to README
Added a section for virtual training simulation with a link to Tinkercad.

README.md, after:

# Sovduino
**〜 The People's Microcontroller 〜**

[English](#-english) | [日本語](#-japanese)

---

## ☭ English

### Overview
Comrades, welcome.
This repository is a revolutionary project to liberate the capitalist product known as "Arduino" and infuse it with the soul of the great Soviet Union.
By using **OUR** code, a mere piezoelectric speaker will loudly sing the glorious fanfare honoring the Motherland (The State Anthem of the USSR).

**This is not "MY" code. It is "OUR" code.**

### ☭ Virtual Training (Simulation)
For comrades who have not yet received hardware rations, the Party has prepared a virtual training ground.
You can execute Sovduino immediately in your browser.

**[>> Enter the Virtual Training Ground (Tinkercad)](https://www.tinkercad.com/things/6IAwpwz2z5I-sovduino?sharecode=FV7dvHokvtdZcXwEPFnmwgkFbx2MmDszDcar8nQ9_U4)**

### Usage
1. **Clone** this repository. (Read `git clone` as "Requisition")
2. Open `Soviet_Anthem.ino` in the Arduino IDE.
3. **Declare** the pin number of the piezoelectric speaker connected to the Comrade's Arduino microcontroller in the `buzzer` variable at the top!
4. **Upload** to the microcontroller.
5. **Listen** while standing at attention.

### Contributing
Contribution to this project is urged by the Party.
If you discover any **bugs (Western spies)** or develop a more efficient frequency conversion algorithm, send a **Pull Request** immediately.

### License
**MIT License** (Not "Marxist International Technology" License, but effectively common property)

This software allows anyone to use, modify, and distribute it for free. Knowledge must not be monopolized.

---

## ☭ Japanese

### 概要
同志よ、ようこそ。
このリポジトリは、資本主義の産物である「Arduino」を解放し、偉大なるソビエト連邦の魂を吹き込むための革命的プロジェクトである。
我々のコードを使用することで、単なる圧電スピーカーが、祖国を称える栄光のファンファーレ（ソビエト連邦国歌）を高らかに歌い上げるだろう。

**これは「私の」コードではない。「我々の」コードだ。**

### ☭ 仮想演習 (Simulation)
まだハードウェアの配給を受けていない同志のために、党は仮想空間上に演習場を用意した。
ブラウザ上で直ちにSovduinoを実行可能である。

**[>> 仮想演習場に入場せよ (Tinkercad)](https://www.tinkercad.com/things/6IAwpwz2z5I-sovduino?sharecode=FV7dvHokvtdZcXwEPFnmwgkFbx2MmDszDcar8nQ9_U4)**

### 使用方法 (Usage)
1. このリポジトリをクローンせよ。（`git clone` は「徴収」と読み替えること）
2. `Soviet_Anthem.ino` を Arduino IDE で開く。
3. 一番上の `buzzer` 変数に、同志のArduinoマイコン上に繋がれたる圧電スピーカーのピン番号を共有せよ！
4. マイコンに書き込む（Upload）。
5. 直立不動で聴く。

### 貢献 (Contributing)
このプロジェクトへの貢献は、党によって推奨されている。
バグ（西側のスパイ）を発見した場合、またはより効率的な周波数変換アルゴリズムを開発した場合は、直ちに **Pull Request** を送られたし。

### ライセンス (License)
**MIT License** (Marxist International Technology License ではないが、実質的に共有財産である)

このソフトウェアは、誰でも無償で使用、改変、配布することができる。知識を独占してはならない。

---
*For the Motherland!* ☭
